what is going on everybody back with
another night review today I have a very
special knife for you this is the full
custom parody flipper it's a knife is
designed by yours truly and made
completely out of paper this is a 16 16
sheets of laminated paper cardstock
heavy cardstock so it makes for very
strong knife not very waterproof but hey
whatever just try not to handle a knife
on your hands are wet and be careful I
did try to smooth all the edges out here
so you don't get a paper cut or anything
like that let's go and take a closer
look at it let's go take a look at the
bolsters here we have a very nice faux
faux kutai bolsters along with the
printed carbon fiber and we have it on
the other side as well inside it not to
go with the pocket clip because it you
know makes it look a little bit more
gentlemanly and very nice and
streamlined and you know you can barely
feel a seam in between these two
materials here so I obviously did a very
nice job with this has an adjustable
pivot actually pivot just comes straight
out but and kind of folk route I stopped
going on there and the stop can doubles
to stop the blade on the open and a
closed position very nice backspacer I
got out of here and a little bit foot
and finishes a little bit off but hey
that's okay gay my first custom folder
this is not too bad got some jumping on
the back here or a more like a gear
pattern it does very little hold your
hand in behave whatever looks nice
anyways cut around out all the edges
here and bleed send rings a little awful
so we'll get back to their it is a liner
lock kind of flipper tab and let's check
out that lock up there like that about
fifteen twenty percent maybe early lock
up like most people like the finger
trail doubles as the finger guard their
lock geometry there your eyes a little
bit radius so the paper on paper won't
wear as much overtime and does a nice
secure lock up okay well maybe not has a
little bit of blade play okay let's make
that a lot of Blakeley a whatever we'll
get back to that again a little bit
jumping on the thumb
here so it's nice to hold your fingers
in the blade is this very nice kind of
recurve tanto this is again 16 layer of
foam ascus blade here I but you can see
the patterning coming through from the
grind and we'll switch on the top looks
purely hang a little toy on the front
just in case you want to choke up do
some more finer work with this comics
this is very nice knife you know fits in
your hand just perfectly reverse grip or
forward grip got two little cutouts here
so your hand just naturally wants to
fall on that thumb ramp so pretty cool
so I know the question on everybody's
mind is how does this knife flip let's
take a look flips very nicely actually
lockup is a little solid maybe not
ambidextrous use let's flip it against
one of the custom knives here this is a
Greg Lightfoot full contact fighter
let's take a look look how quickly this
flips out just as quick as a full custom
knife and they're both neither these are
on washers in fact this one uses a
custom wax paper bushing so it is very
very smooth in fact the knife just kind
of falls underneath its own weight
speaking of weight this thing only
weighs about two ounces maybe even less
than that so it's very light carry
perfect gentleman EDC plus it passes
really nice large blade about 3.75
inches about eight and a half inches
overall so pretty compact knife anyway
so thank you for joining me on this
quick review of the full paper night the
parody flipper and any questions
comments leave it down below and I'll
catch you guys on next one so take care
okay so for those of you who haven't
figured it out yet this is obviously a
joke video has the night name is the
parity flipper the reason i made this
knife and the reason i made this video
number one I want to make a nice light
hearted video so guys can be a lil
entertained you know without me talk
about seriously about knives and
everything all the time and the second
night thing of all was to actually
really kind of get the experience of
designing the knife not necessary making
it because obviously i'm not using like
the usual materials that normal knives
are made from but just to get an idea
how knives are designed and there's a
lot of challenges involved in
well I do have a lot of respect for
custom knife makers and that makers
everywhere regards over to your
professional or amateur I have even more
respect for you now because designing a
knife is actually truly very challenging
at least for me it doesn't really I
guess it doesn't really come naturally
for me for example trying to try to make
make this stop him put it in position
where actually stops the blade in the
open and stop the blade in the closed
position was kind of challenge for me I
also designing a handled i like but also
encompasses the entire blade and of
course trying to figure out where the
liner lock would meet up with the tang
of the blade so all that stuff was kind
of challenge for me and of course
obviously making the materials to do
this because literally if you talk about
a handmade knife this is completely
handmade this is not very functional
that's all you know everything both
sides of these scales are laminated 110
pound cardstock completely laminated and
then cut out by hand and then stand down
by hand so everything was just done you
know by and so but there's a lot of work
involved and I was just making a paper
knife so I go imagine trying to make a
real knife with actual metal and you
know either like carbon fiber and you
know whatever it's going to be a lot of
work obviously and again I have a lot of
respect and you know tremendous
admiration for for the people do this
for real so that's the reason I made
this knife and also to make this funny
video anyways I do appreciate you guys
Watkins deal until the end for those you
who made it to the end and bearing with
me and hopefully you guys had a good
laugh with it you know if you guys watch
again grab a beer grab a sandwich sit
down and you know just kind of watch can
do this fake video but anyways any
questions or comments please leave it
below I stopping that take care have a
great day and I'll catch you guys on the
next one